I really can't do it
A dog truly can’t stop eating sh*t
But he didn’t drink any
sleeping drug-laced water
Why did he fall asleep?
Because the drugged water
wasn't in that glass
It was...
The drugged water
was in the bathtub
Thank you for helping me
lure him here
I’m not helping you
I’m helping myself
Did you get the photos?
Yeah
Very good
In an hour,
send these photos to Su Man
Why wait an hour?
Because I want this show
to be "clean" in content
Stop
Let me ask you
Where is Ye Qi Luo?
Where is Duan Xiao Jian?
A show without guests
or even a host
What the hell are we filming?
I can’t reach either of them by phone
Didn't I tell you to go look?
Then go find them for me
Yes
Ye Qi Luo probably stood us up
She clearly promised she would come
But...
Is this really Ye Qi Luo's fault?
This is clearly your fault